What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A hidden directory is created named as .git where git holds all the info and repository in.
	This is the initial step if one wants to use git integration for his/her project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	It is different in the sense that git uses it as the intermediate stage between the working directory and the repository. It enables a convinient way for git to hold various files added per functionality or logical change.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By using command git diff I can check what are changes that have been made between the files in the working directory and staging area, and only after confirming with above method we can be assured to proceed with the commit. If in a case where you are not satisfied with the changes you can discard the changes using git reset --hard, note that this is not reversible step.

 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

 	Trying out a new feature to be added which mostly will be experimental since it's not sure if that feature will work or be useful, Also there is something as pull request so, branches help in managing these too.

 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

 	If you have a complex branch structure or in other words if you have many branches then getting info from 
 		git log --graph -oneline master coins easy-mode
 	we can construct a diagram which simplifies the understanding the branch heirarchy than a command line output by above command.

 What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

 	Merging two branches means to combine the two branches into one in a way that it doesn't create problems onece the two versions are combined.

 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

 	